Thx for your welcoming.

We should protect Bitcoin from take over by the few. Its function should flow free as the Volga River despite the centuries of Tsars, Mongols, Vikings, Swedes, and the Communist regime rule. We need to toss out any thinking of the apparent treasure in the boat over the the river as the Stenka Razin did to keep the boat rower and citizens free. Keep the flow free and wide.

The Stenka's men were able to trust him to navigate the river and to support the poor. In our case, Bitcoin does have a few generals to serve the crypto math, with many rowers (the open source programmers) to float in the river. The concept of the Bitcoin is the captain of the ship. Not a single or a group of people, which they may call themselves Oh, NO:

A board of Directors

We need to preserve this structure. No board of directors. A few, governing many to navigate in their own purpose, their own ports to deposit goods, ... must not be allowed.

I see this happened to our great nation of USA. 535 legistrature governing 320 million of us making us poor with their dealing with passing the measures put forth by another group of the few for (subprime, derivatives, mortgage backed trust ...) and finally, the mandatory Obama care, making e.g., drugs more expensive for the poor.

Same for the State, County, and down to the town/cities. In our town, 5 counsel staff fooled us to choke the already congested main street of Las Tunas by reducing the lane from 2 lane ea. with diagnal parking, metering out our property money trickled down from the state to county just to hand out contracts to more than one 'traffic study group and beautification firms' against our citizen voices. Same happening at our next door neighboring towns. A few 5 counsels voting themselves against 35K town citizens on allowing to build Monster houses as already done in our town. It's too late for me to understand the 'flow'. The consel making this decision should of been stopped at the money flow. As they say, follow the flow of $$. From the State, County, then to the town. It should of stopped at higher level. That Las Tunas drive portion belongs to my town but it is a thoroughfare used by the thousands of commuters coming from the east side, like Pomona, San Dimas, ... to downtown LA. I've mentioned this in the counsel meeting but was ignored. Call to the LA supervisor's office of Antonovitch was met by 'Oh, it doesn't belong to the county, it belongs to your town'. Yet, the county office metered out the $10 millions to do the diagonal parking.

I see the same for our corporate (capitalistic) structure. A few, say 5 - 10 board of directors governing the fate of all those who actually working day n' night, week after week with little pay and little time off decide to send work out to Shanghi, laying off thousands of US workers while they get millions in their salaries, compensations, bonuses, ... and more raises voting themselves.

Same for our Japanese American community, a microcosm level - Selling off Keiro Retirement Home complex by the few, the home's board of directors and the CEO. They had no right to determine the fate of the all those senior residents, some in dire conditions and to their families and the seniors in waiting to get in by outright selling the facility without allowing the most important people to vote for no. The proceed of $41 million was said to be used for educating about aging (huh?). The $$ should be used to create new Retirement home without the board of selfish directors or CEOs. Let the citizens make the laws and govern themselves without the greedy few. Campigns, voting? Elections? do these matter as the outcome of our citizens well being, both emotionally (promises), health and financial security? So goes for the global trade deals that US corporations thru our government and now every other nations had gotten involved with the expense of our liveryhood. Tell that to homeless here in LA. The Globalization of trade as sought by the few (corporates pushing the representatives).

The concept of few governing many is wrong!

No special interest or contractors thru the few counsel staff can corrupt 35K of town citizens or the few of industry money can corrupt 320 million of us citizens vs. 535 legislatures

Protect Bitcoin from the few. The banks can buy up all of the exchanges for instance. The funding for the Bitcoin development must be traced continuously and be protected from intrusions by the few. Always trace the $$. Where to where, when to when, and mostly to whom to whom.

The few....

Trusting the encryption vs. human or a group of human is great.

The ecosys - less cars the better. Yes, it's that emotional need thing that we get hooked on the TV ads. I propose to:

Replace individual ownership of cars with fully meshed rails and buses like NYC and Tokyo. No more fighting for Middle East oil (bring back our kids and save their kids, no more billions spent ea. day), no more fracking, no more oil spills on our precious shores and ocean at large, no more digging earth to mine Fe, Al, Cu, (and mine plastic?) to pollute our water and air and scenery. Imagine 1.4 billion + 1.3 billions + ... all want to buy cars as here in US's 320 million. When we USA discard individually owned cars, we can show the world how beautiful our nation would be. All those wide, multi-lane freeways (and turn pikes) would be condensed to 2 - 3 train tracks with local rails and bus connections. We also don't need wide local streets and even small streets. Use those freed land to plant more trees and parks. How do we do this?

Put $35/gallon tax on the gasoline instead of ~$.50/gal and everyone would start not driving even for local errands. Your gas price would be $40/gal. If you have a big truck or suv, it's $80 just to drive from my town to the other end of Pasadena (~7 miles x 2). When that happens, you won't see many cars on the freeways anymore. And, you won't see only one person/car for the few you see. A single short rail car can seat ~30 people in the space of only 3 separated moving automobile on the freeway with only one person ea. in it - more advantage can be seen when the cars are bumper to bumper where as when the rail cars get B2B (with couplers), we can put more people inside in less space. No need to have multi lanes. Use the collected tariff $$ to fully mesh with public rail and buses for short distances.

Use more bikes like in Europe and Asia for a few blocks to the bus/rail stations if you do not wish to walk though you should if you can. I do use my bike for groceries, banks, classes, post office, library, local friend visits, hardware sto, ... and for my entertainment, a pure pleasure of riding my bike down the beautiful parks, river, ocean path, and other bike path. I only drive my car once in two weeks and none/month if I was not forced to. In fact, I my old battery died for not driving 2 months one time.

Protocol - PP? Great. It sure got simplified from X.25 when our equipment were unreliable.

With 1.4 billion + 1.3 billion of the 3rd world nations all wanting to buy cars, it's an illusion that the gas prices would be kept low for long. Here in LA, the supply (a glut of oil) from foreign and now domestic didn't lower the price as in the other states. The price is controlled by the few refineries (in particular, in Torrance owned by Exxon, an oil company) with said supposed problem with refinary damage, workers strike, ... The pump prices should be like $2.00/gal, not even $3/gal. We should allow gasoline itself imported from those OPECs directly to our gas pumps. Or,have the OPECs construct more refineries here in So. Cal to sell the gas directly. That should bring the gas prices down to $2/gal. Won't allow monopoly. Or, even the outer staters have us import the fuel to LA. But whoes controlling these alternatives? The few. The very few.

Dear muyuu n' ibtimes UK,

I like that Harry Potter left of me with his swift magic wand and glasses.

This was the scene just B4 I got into the AP reporter's car heading for the local sushi place. Couldn't stay there due to the other reporters coming over to our table badgering. So the Ap rptr got me back into his car (not Harry in the picture) and did the interview in his dwntwn LA office, evading his rivals.
Amazingly, when I decided to clear my case and shouted to the flock of reporters outside from my front door saying whoever provides free lunch I would give exclusive testimony, all came rushing to my front door with their toad poles (the magic wands).

When I repeated my words, only one at the back of the flock raised his hand. That was the AP reporter I gave my testimony to.

Only 2 people other than the AP reporter and I along with the restaurant employees would know the story after this scene photoed. And all of my responses to you here is of my name below. Not the creator or anyone else.

I guarantee you.

Dorian S. Nakamoto

Fought with bureaucracy and their ineptitude based on complacency. Contracting out (selling) most important portion of services to private entities so we end up paying more for even a simple things they can do for us. Same with our County health staff.

Biking is my main enjoyment now. As one biker said, it's refreshing. Not like driving a car - dread with sitting low, getting frustered with too many cars even at 2:30PM (should be none rush hour) on our streets and freeways here in LA. As soon as I get on the river path, I just feel free, enjoying the expanse. Due to current heavy shower, there should be much more water flowing now too.

Ms. Goodman replaced my conditional: "Even if I was involved ..." and, I further explained that I cannot disclose my work due to the engineer creed not to discuss employers sensitive information which we signed before we are employed. At the time, without knowing Bitcoin, I thought she was asking about my work at Citibank.

Whether I am Satoshi Nakamoto of Bitcoin creator.
This is what exactly happened. Leah stalked me to come out and stayed ~45 minutes at my door steps which is later I've found not lawful. Then she had disappeared. I saw her walking away from our driveway, around the front sidewalk, turned abruptly back toward our house, looked like she was heading toward my side door. So I called the sheriff. She then re-appeared with her car (which she parked away from my site when she knocked on my door) while I was talking to the two officers on my driveway. I've told the two officers that I did not want to talk to the reporter. But the 2nd sheriff after talking to Leah came back to me (he went to talk to Leah in her car out on the street) and advised me to talk to her else she won't go away. That sheriff supposed to be on my side. I was not like a celebrity who would be badgered like this daily and I gave in.










